part of the solution stems out of
starting from the deep-seated assumption
that the meaning of life is pleasure and
that's know the meaning of life is
preventing harm that's the function for
anything rational the rational equation
is I know the torture is bad I know that
pain in and of itself as an experience
is always bad when I analyze the Bob
who's saying honestly when I analyze all
the positives what are they made out of
they're made out of my fear of a
negative my fear of humiliation failure
poverty my fear of negative conditions
and and those are the things that make
me feel good you're an idiot
in the background you can see it
possibly here my girlfriend Melissa who
is a ruinous who's a [ __ ] there
clearly I mean it's quite obviously
she's [ __ ] you just yeah maybe
something yeah you picked a real
challenging thing to molest that was a
real challenge real challenge though
you're making bread or something huh
babe babe babe
she knows the word babe yeah she knows
about seven words yeah okay you want to
[ __ ] your girlfriend that might be your
business but you have no right to [ __ ]
me bastard and that's what my parents
thought they had they thought they had a
right to [ __ ] me well no they didn't
okay they were full of [ __ ] full of ego
and bravado and nonsense and I'm going
to play God and it all turned out
wonderfully
[ __ ] you that's stupid
this is how the Shotover simple question
and something I know but what's the
thought about it revealed before she
drove up with me and basically what they
do yeah
drank led to paint obviously I mean
obviously we should go find out where
she lived because there's lead in the
water and she's [ __ ] [ __ ] Oh
Melissa in the background she had a
period of her life were those questions
meant a lot to her Dada Dada Dada Dada
anecdotal blood that left that laughs I
don't think Melissa had any of those
thoughtful periods frankly so you
couldn't live with you if she did
she obviously can't smell our think
[Music]
understand I don't know what the hell
that was but it's disturbing in this
context of this conversation that you
would just play something like that with
video game music where you're playing
again with real critters welfare so
whatever that game was whatever that
experiment was clearly it wasn't very
nice to impose that on those little
monkeys was it but you don't care
torture anything everything is [ __ ]
to be tortured by you because it's
entertaining somehow [ __ ] you teach your
kids how to play king of the pile of
[ __ ] no suffocate your kids at the yeah
don't wait too long to do it okay but
yet do it okay Peter Brett today alright
we're doing a lot of baking lately yeah
it's really cool I'm just fascinated oh
wait a minute fascinated all I'm oh my
brain is saying why are you doing this
to my neurons I didn't want to know the
word pita bread exists I just couldn't
care the [ __ ] less why did you even make
my brain think it you [ __ ] but the
questions raised by child free people
and eighty eight less people on the
Internet you know it's not exactly the
same thing but I don't I'm going to
though it's kind of your minutia they're
really different things child free is a
different kind of idea that has more to
do with I'm not an idiot I'm not smart
enough to know life is stupid but I am
smarter no kids are a pain in the ass
and I don't have any use for one they're
not gonna do anything for me
I'm gonna have to do a bunch of [ __ ] for
them and I don't know how I win in that
game I mean there's a reason why this is
meaningful to millions of people it
raises questions of how should be Leo
yeah what means something to people
again it's just so you know again the
world is such a pile of [ __ ] I mean all
these fake religious people all these
fake pretentious
best I know I know how to fix the
economy I know how to find free energy I
know how to do all kinds of magical
magical things because some [ __ ] on
the internet who talks to an egg told me
so I mean the world is just full of
idiots ill-informed
completely fantasy carrier or character
believing in fantasy physics fantasy
everything you're all a bunch of [ __ ]
idiots the human race is an idiot and
you're a very nice example of the idiots
our existence we come into the world
breaking okay broken and all we do is
spend the rest of our lives trying to
glue ourselves back together and that's
it we don't accomplish anything we just
bandage our injuries oh yeah it's a
bizarre actually the guy's lost his hair
before it was like 16 genetically he's
tubby and you know has good teeth but
otherwise everything else is a pile of
[ __ ] and I will make more of those so
again no you want to make the argument
that women are kind of irrational well
frankly there's lots of things that
indicate women do have a bit of this
irrationality going on your girlfriend's
obviously an idiot do but but then I
think the necessary kind of ethical and
intellectual corollary of that
corroboree ooh there's a word I didn't
have before let's see will I keep it
kirari no [ __ ] it no I'm not gonna keep
that one you could have had some kind of
connecting thing besides the monkeys in
the cage some of the founders questions
of the meaning of life all right these
and they're not profound they're just so
[ __ ] obvious and you're just in
denial you just don't want to pay any
attention to being logical we evolved on
this planet you don't want to believe
that then again you're just you're just
being you're vomiting on truth you're
just saying I don't care about evidence
I don't care about facts I don't care
about any of that [ __ ] I want to play my
agenda game on you and I don't wanna I
don't want to be restricted
to having to deal with a real argument
in the real world I'm just gonna argue
fables to you and nonsense and so you
don't want to play a real game what do
you think happened here on planet earth
I mean you think it was all some sort of
magical experience hundreds of millions
of years of organisms being killed
brutally and for what so they could try
to get their genetic code up a little
stupid muddy hill and they didn't do it
because they were smart they did it
because they were ignorant for in mentem
was a youtuber of this philosophical
school thought sitting you know well
actually you didn't get to my
philosophical state a state which is the
fact that I recognized because I
understand evolution that this is a
function of the biological problem of
lack of function there were just a
Petter parasitic infestation on on the
chemical surface of Earth and it's just
a bunch of little chemical models little
little chemical molecules having a
competition with each other to take over
the world and that's all that's really
happening here is it's just a bunch of
little tiny molecules you know a certain
number a few billion or trillion little
design changes and they're all
struggling to be king of the world and
the trick is is that you never can be
king of the world
because as soon as you grow enough that
everybody makes you into food and so
it's really impossible to ever take over
the world so you're just constantly
fight with each other about who's
winning oh we're winning over the over
the dinosaurs but maybe the dinosaurs
will have a comeback you know that's all
that's happening here is our little
varieties the the nature of the weapons
we use like you know for a few millennia
we use swords and then we use guns and
then we use sticks and then we use rocks
you know we just come up with little
different tools to [ __ ] each other over
for the silly victory of saying I am
king of a pile of dead bodies way to go
but brain I'm saying you could give the
shark a brain enabled in terms of having
vocabulary going to high school
having some experiences in a more
intellectual way the shark is going to
conclude that man my design sucks I mean
I'm just a horrible built thing I mean
it's just this is disgusting and maybe
we would realize that if we were if the
first organism on earth was a predator
are worse really parasitic like we
actually had you know proboscis is off
our faces to suck the blood of other
organisms what would that mean to us has
until one point once we got intelligence
and we realized we're basically built to
suck other things blood to take the
value of their life and suck it would we
have a little bit of dissonance I think
we would I think we would feel pretty
bad about that if it was more obvious I
don't obviously don't have a ton of
memories of being an infant but I do
remember that it was always struggling
struggling struggling struggling I mean
it wasn't just happy please happy baby
happy I'd be happy those really aren't
my memories okay I don't I don't have
these I was so happy and happy smiley
smile laughs that really isn't the sense
the sense is that you've got to grind
this thing out you got to fight to make
your arms move right you got to fight to
do everything it's a struggle and you
you're applauding that and I think
that's just so [ __ ] sadistic that's
all I can say you're psychotic you're
really sick sick in the head fundamental
pessimism which I think in there's
already in this video I'm gonna argue
very briefly all right whatever
pessimism so we're we are talking about
facts of evolution the blueprint of the
mechanism the fact that how does
evolution actually work what is the
design functions that we've been in
bestowed with is our intelligence should
we be stupid enough to think our
intelligence only has one purpose and
then that is to make us a better feeding
machine make us more efficient than
putting our fork in the food and getting
into our mouth that's what our
intelligence is for satisfy my desire
satisfy my desires that's all my
intelligence before my intelligence
can't do a little bit of smarter
thinking and saying what's the
implication what am i sticking my fork
in did the thing I stuck my fork in get
be tortured and killed for no real good
reason could I stick my fork in
something else those are the questions
you ask but you selfish [ __ ] can't ask
any of those questions because you're so
myopic and so stupid that you're just
not smart enough but the fundamental
perspective or delusion that likes
itself cannot be justified because of
the pleasure pain calculus so you add up
the suffering of the life of that
penguin or that lion it's so much
greater than pleasure and and again
clearly the pleasures again being
relieved from the negative being
relieved from the unsatisfied feelings
the cold weather the you know it's
always the relief from the impairment
relief from the whip the whip stopped oh
I'm so thankful let me suck your dick
for not whipping me and that's how
foolish you people are you're like
Stockholm Syndrome you're falling in
love with their terrorist because he
gave you an apple today and you really
enjoyed it that was so good compared to
that gruel they were giving me every day
and so you're you're grateful for the
lack of cancer and now you're sucking
its dick because you're so grateful it
didn't torture you worse and that's just
so [ __ ] transparently obvious that
that's all you people can do is be
controlled by a circumstance emotionally
you can't actually think about it and
see that that's exactly what I'm doing
I'm searching for relief and why would I
give that again why would I shove a kid
into a game of crap climb a crap hill
stick your crap flag sink in the crap
why would I do that to a child it's
stupid the real moral judgment here is
that life on the moon is better than
life on Earth by which I mean no life at
all I said I might call this philosophy
not antinatalism and not pessimism this
Michael lunar ism because ultimately the
conclusion is that a lifeless
rakh circling around the Sun yes that
doesn't have torture on it is incredibly
cool no torture is an incredibly cool
thing so wherever no torture is I'm
pretty impressed why should I let
something be tortured for no good reason
you say you have a good reason to
torture things I'm asking you what's
your good reason your good reason is
some kind of [ __ ] I painted I had
expression expressed I have mannerisms
minimi your your answer is vacant
meaningless drivel you have no right to
torture so you don't have any
explanation you don't have any argument
defending your right to torture
something for no good reason so until
you come up with a good reason you have
no argument is more infull than a rock
on which there is life
ecology forests oceans and the suffering
that come again meaning has nothing to
do with this just Esther with value just
has to do with a right to torture that's
all I'm making it simple for you
that's all that's happening here you're
claiming a right to impose torture I'm
claiming you have no such right so
that's all you all that's our
disagreement you're saying there's a
right to impose torture there's a right
there's a reason to endorse torture we
should put more quarters in the earth
life video game it's a good game what's
happening on the surface of Earth is a
good game it's worth putting quarters in
and I'm saying no it isn't I'm gonna
stop the quarters I'm gonna do whatever
I can to break the Machine biz it's not
a good game it would be better if our
solar system were just a series of
lifeless asteroids or barren surfaces
like the moon yes look yes that's the
eye again you're not arguing the
argument you're just somehow saying well
how could anybody possibly imagine
questioning the value of this parasitic
infection I mean look at all the pus how
could you say that pus isn't super cool
what do you mean look at all the art is
that worth it can't you see the universe
having an orgasm watching earth lights
thing can't you see how it cures the
universe's cancer can't you see the cure
the cancer cure how can you deny the
value of this wonderful treatment for
the cancer that's killing the universe
no that's happening crazy person